Little sister-in-law,
Do you have any place you particularly want to go?
Please don't
call me little sister-in-law.
Just call me by my name.
Then I'll call you;
Yilin.
I remember there's a restaurant next to Tuya Restaurant.
.
Shall we go to Tuya
Restaurant for dinner?
I want to try their new dishes.
Okay.
Yilin, I've booked this restaurant
for today.
I know the chef's signature
dishes. I'll order for you.
Okay.
Wait.
Could you help me buy
a lucky charm?
I'll give you all this money.
Okay.
By the way, Dia,
how much did you spend just now?
I'll transfer it to you.
I'll take your money,
or I'll beat you black and blue.
The embassy; the embassy
will surely be able to help me.
My stomach hurts a little.
I want to go to the restroom first.